Why are you eating the can?
Auntie, you and my dad, she is closing in!
What is she? The third child, my family is ignorant,
I'll help you with discipline.
She is not a family member, she is my back-marriage figure.
Third child, you want to hear the story of your betrayal of your marriage.
I told her about the marriage,
She is my young disciple, and she is my position in life.
When I return to Beijing this time, I just want to follow them.
Miss Zhou, don’t talk carelessly.
A sea of ​​gold awaits,
It's a waste of time, help me.
This time it was troublesome, she had also been properly taken care of.
This is all a story,
old medicine king ball medicine
Hard cutting method this medicine
Give it to you as a gift
You said you wanted to marry him
Do you want to watch your words?
I'll die for you
No need to understand
I've taught him a lesson
I'll teach you how to apologize
It must be you
A little girl can handle it
Where did you come from to be special?
You two can teach him a lesson
You don’t know what it is
Just finding out
You are here today to take medicine.
home of life
Ball medicine queue
She is the young lady in the family's status queue.
What can you do?
That's this picture
If the wives are still right